1.	Business Analysis:
o	Examined the elements of the profession and the essential skills to excel in a business analysis role.
o	Developed a comprehensive understanding of the scope of the business analysis profession.
o	Assisted in identifying a core set of competencies crucial for successful business analysis. 
o	This experience has enabled me to establish a connection between business analysis and research.
 
2.	Business Analysis Foundations: 
o	Identify the role and skills of a business analyst.
o	Determine the four steps of a needs assessment.
o	Distinguish the type of stakeholder needed for a specific activity.
o	Explain the role of the business analyst in the project planning stage.
o	Differentiate between the three points of view for breaking down requirements.
o	Identify the factors for requirements in the release planning phase.
 
3.	Agile Requirements Foundations:
o	Define the business analyst’s role in agile.
o	Identify agile principles five through eight from a business analyst’s perspective.
o	Explore the business analyst’s point of view on an agile team.
o	Determine the increments of value on an agile team.
o	Examine the fundamentals of determining the level of detail in the backlog.
o	Recognize the steps involved in collaborating with the product owner on the backlog.
o	Determine the purpose of the acceptance criteria.
 
4.	Business Benefits Realization Foundations:
o	An introduction to business benefits realization, a practice designed to help organizations select the best change initiatives and ensure the proposed changes deliver and sustain business value. 
o	 Components of business benefits realization—introducing a five-part life cycle—and explains the steps for producing key business benefits deliverables.
 
5.	Requirements Elicitation and Analysis:
o	Define elicitation and analysis.
o	Identify why elicitation and analysis are important.
o	Recognize the key mindsets to make elicitation and analysis successful.
o	Explore the role of brainstorming in elicitation.
o	Examine the fundamentals for utilizing observation in elicitation.
o	Discover the usefulness of well-run requirement workshops.
o	Identify the elements of a well-done context diagram.
o	Identify the elements of a data flow diagram.
 
6.	Business Analysis Foundations: Business Process Modeling: 
o	Using common modeling tools
o	Determining when to use a modeling diagram
o	Avoiding the pitfalls associated with each diagram
o	Creating diagrams
o	Leveraging key stakeholders
 
7.	Requirements Elicitation for Business Analysts - Interviews:
o	Identify why choosing to use interviewing is a top choice for elicitation in business analysis.
o	Recognize the purpose of the interview process.
o	Explore the steps to planning questions prior to an interview.
o	Examine an example of a successful interview.
o	Discover the essentials to laying out expectations.
o	Identify the fundamentals of asking probing questions.
o	Recognize the ideal ways to end an interview.
o	Break down how to analyze and review notes before following up on an elicitation interview.
 
8.	 Business Analyst and Project Manager Collaboration:
o	Identify why collaboration between the business analyst and the project manager is key.
o	Examine the fundamentals of an ideal partnership between the business analyst and the project manager.
o	Explore the importance of collaboration on scoping between the business analyst and the project manager.
o	Determine the essentials for collaboration between the business analyst and the project manager during the development and testing phase.
o	Break down the ways to make communication between the business analyst and the project manager successful.
o	Discover the areas of risk the business analyst and the project manager should collaborate on.
o	Identify the fundamentals for collaboration between the project manager and the business analyst on scope management and change.
 
9.	 Project Management Foundations - Requirements:
o	Describe how to appropriately manage requirements.
o	Differentiate between plans intended to draw requirements from stakeholders and keep stakeholders engaged.
o	Define terms used in stakeholder analysis.
o	Identify the 10 attributes of project requirements.
o	Review the appropriate methods for determining project requirements priorities.
 
10.	Managing Projects with Microsoft 365: 
o	skills to manage projects more effectively by using Microsoft 365.
o	dives into using Microsoft Planner to help you create your project plan and manage it over time.
 
11.	Learning Data Science: Understanding the Basics:
o	What is data science?
o	Making connections with relationship databases
o	Importing data into warehouses
o	Recognizing different data types
o	Applying statistical analysis
o	Focusing on knowledge
 
12.	Managing Data with Microsoft 365:
o	use the Microsoft 365 suite to manage your data more effectively. 
o	Get started with Microsoft Forms for collecting data from raw sources.
o	Building processes with power automate
o	Excel and its built-in tools to analyze data to gain insights.
o	visualizing data with PowerBI to communicate your findings with the rest of the team.


